[Music]
happy Halloween Internet today I'm
bringing you a simple dark nymph look
hope you enjoy my Halloween special
start by evening out your skin tone if
you want something a little lighter then
I'd recommend adding some white
foundation into your current foundation
but here I'm pretty happy to just go
with something that looks a little bit
more natural and since I'm using liquid
foundation I'm going to set it with some
powder just to smooth out the finish and
make applying my contouring powders a
lot easier next step highlighter I'm not
really looking do any major contouring
just highlight some features but if you
want a more in-depth video on contouring
then check out my the art of subtle
contouring video I released a while back
I'll link it down in the description box
below time to make yourself look pretty
tired
taking some red eyeshadow powder that
leans into the pink spectrum take a
fluffy brush to dust that all over
around your eyes the fluffy brush helps
keep the edges nice and diffused also
just got the need to point out that I am
NOT naked while filming this I am
wearing clothes you just can't see it
not naked
afterwards you'll need to take a more
densely packed brush and concentrate
that color closer to your actual eyes so
that you can create this really cool
gradient effect
and then once you're done with the read
take a flat eyeshadow brush and pack on
some black eyeshadow all of your lids
next take a tapered brush and blend that
into your crease basically I want to
create a smoky eye look so blending is
kind of vital smokey eyes are easiest if
you're using super good-quality
eyeshadows so make sure to invest in
some if you really like sporting the
smoky eye on a regular basis bring some
of the eyeshadow down just under your
eyes then continue to blend the
eyeshadow out it's gonna take a while so
be patient and just work with it
okay awesome so next I'm going to add
some white eyeshadow to my brow bone and
inner corner of my eyes just to help add
some dimension plus I think it helps add
a little bit of glamour to the look time
for some eyeliner gonna start with some
pencil eyeliner just because I want to
line my waterline first I don't know I
feel like lining the waterline is the
ultimate way to make your eyes look
really smoky you can take it to your
upper lash line if you want and I did
just for the hell of it but when I
wasn't after I switched to my gel
eyeliner instead it's perfectly upper
lash line and creamy so there's no
tugging and it's much easier at least me
to create a nice wing
just gonna gonna duck up my brows
normally they're fine for every day but
they need to be a little bit more darker
for actual looks I'm applying some
mascara because my look just doesn't
feel complete without it but in
retrospect I recommend using false
lashes if you're really going for a
smoky look you may as well go all the
way out time for the lips I'm going to
take the foundation I used before and
just apply that all over my lips and
because I want my lips to look kind of
dried I'm going to take powder and just
Pat that all over plus it helps keep the
shine out which you know most dried lips
don't look shiny in my experience then
take a deep red lipstick and fill in the
lines of your lips so they stand out
better kind of looks like dry blood
wasn't the original fact I was going for
but it is now and the look is complete
thanks so much for watching a chapter
for my book of fables hope you enjoyed
the look and keep an eye out for my next
Halloween video it's been a while in the
making and I really hope you enjoy it
till then I'll catch you guys in the
next video bye
[Music]